hey what's up you guys this is Rob from
a gay guy plays and a holy mother of god
update 15 has landed with the release of
the archwing a new warframe and a slew
of new weapons there is no time to waste
because there is a lot of been going to
be had so after a little bit of a rough
start this morning I did manage to get
my hands on the starter archwing the Eau
de nada
as well as the impaired her and the Vera
tucks as I stated before the Oded nada
definitely feels like it plays a little
bit more defensively than its
counterpart however its number three is
quite nice for taking down groups from
behind your shield so after that I
figured why not try the new le Tron
which is the demolition art way and let
me tell you that one actually works
pretty damn well - there is a couple
tips and tricks that we'll have to go
over in a much more formal review than
this but for those of you guys who
haven't managed to get your hands on it
real quick I will give you guys a quick
comparison me and peridot feels very
very Bratton s and the Corvis is very
much more like a shotgun than any hunter
I've seen now as for the Vera tux and
the honor X I feel like they're pretty
much the same thing just a different
skin no I don't know if they're gonna
alter them or change them to make them
feel a little bit more unique however
they are kind of cool to look at now of
course we can not talk about update 15
without our newest warframe limbo
now our rift walking gentlemen I will
tell you straight off the bat he is fun
as heck to play however he is gonna take
a lot of finesse and a lot of practice
to figure out all of the cool
combinations you can kind of unlock with
him because he is definitely a finesse
based frame so as a quick overview for
his abilities his first ability can
phase enemies or allies in and out of
battle his second ability allows him to
phase in and out of battle his third
ability allows him to power himself up
when he's phased and his fourth ability
allows him to create an orb in which all
enemies in case and all allies in case
are also phased and for those of you who
don't know units that her phase can only
deal damage to other units that are
phase so keep that in mind when you're
playing around with him especially if
you want to troll now the two weapons
that were released with him are the
halaqa and the opticore the halaqa is a
jet propulsion mace which let's be real
is basically the green air
version of a boomerang um straight off
the bat I'm gonna tell you doesn't
really feel like it's got too much power
it does look kind of cool
however it's definitely not gonna take
the place of my Glade now as for the
optic cord this one is really really
unique think of this as the laser canon
version of the ogress once it hits its
target it deals radial damage in a small
area and to top it off toss shred on
this and it becomes a monster but I will
be honest this is one of those weapons
that are gonna take a little bit of time
to get off of the ground think of it as
a grower and not a shower now the last
thing that I'm gonna touch on is
Syndicates I don't know maybe it's
because of the fact that they released
the ark wing and limbo who is super
super cool I I'm not as excited as I
initially felt about them in fact now
that I see all the stats and the
augments it's kind of become more
mathematical in my brain rather than
kind of like who I really want to
support these guys and you know I love
the parent sequence and the formula that
I have created to get me to the parent
sequence you know still there and I'm
gonna end up at the parent sequence but
I don't know I thought maybe they would
be a little bit more underhanded or
something they just seem really really
nice and I don't know maybe I'm a
bastard but regardless that is my quick
overview of update 15
don't worry though the update 15
coverage has not ended there I will have
full on reviews of all the items that we
talked about today out as soon as
humanly possible um but I think that's
it my voice is still a little crazy and
I really really want to Capri instead of
coughing I'm gonna end it right here so
until the reviews I'll talk to you guys
later bye